feat(agglayer): configure priced fee policies at deployment (#3486)
0xMiden/protocol: CHANGELOG.md

### Features

> - [BREAKING] AggLayer bridge and faucet accounts now take a priced fee policy manager at deployment (built by the new `NetworkNotePricer` helpers) and install the `ConstantFeeManager` for `ADMIN`-gated repricing; account creation is collapsed into `AggLayerBridge::account_builder` / `AggLayerFaucet::account_builder`, the faucet moves to `Authority::RbacControlled` with a deployment-seeded `ADMIN` that administers all of its authority-gated configuration; the faucet no longer registers `BurnAllowAll`, and both accounts' `allowed_notes` now return the full set of accepted note roots, which the deployed policy must price. Both account code commitments change ([#3486](https://github.com/0xMiden/protocol/pull/3486)).

Reviewer: let's trim the changelong

### Features

> - [BREAKING] AggLayer bridge and faucet accounts deploy with a priced fee policy and `ADMIN`-gated repricing; both code commitments change ([#3486](https://github.com/0xMiden/protocol/pull/3486)).

Reviewer 2: one note: if we release this as part of 0.16, we should probably move it to that section already in this PR.

Author: will move to v0.16 entries

Reviewer 2: > or move the entry to v.0.16?

Yeah I would move it to the 0.16 section in this PR, because that change will technically be part of 0.16.

Author: fixed

> - [BREAKING] AggLayer bridge and faucet accounts install the `ConstantFeeManager` so their `ADMIN` role can reprice the deployed fee schedule; the faucet is now `Authority::RbacControlled` and its constructors take a deployment admin ([#3487](https://github.com/0xMiden/protocol/issues/3487)).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- [BREAKING] AggLayer bridge and faucet accounts now take their fee policy manager at deployment, built by the new `NetworkNotePricer::agglayer_bridge_fee_policy_manager` / `agglayer_faucet_fee_policy_manager` ([#3486](https://github.com/0xMiden/protocol/pull/3486)).
- [BREAKING] AggLayer bridge and faucet accounts install the `ConstantFeeManager` so their `ADMIN` role can reprice the deployed fee schedule; the faucet is now `Authority::RbacControlled` and its constructors take a deployment admin ([#3486](https://github.com/0xMiden/protocol/pull/3486)).
```
